README.md, before:

# Mind Set Example Repo
Example for datasets that will require cosine similarity.
The general idea is that we want to measure the relative similarity of internal representation across different levels. For example, you want to check whether the internal representation of a "base" shape  is more similar to a shape with a metric property (MP) change vs a shape with a non-accidental-property (NAP) change. You might want to test that with many shapes and after several transformations. In this example the NAP vs MP are the levels. Different shapes are different samples
The way to organize the dataset is as follow: each level is in a different folder, and each sample has a different number or name. For example, you will have a dataset folder with the folders `NAP` and `MP`, each containing a file `triangle.png`, `square.png`. Notice that the name of the samples must much across folders, or an error is trhown.


The main script you can take as an example is `src/run_cossim.py`. In there, I use the `Config` class as a C-like struct for all experiment parameters. This will then be passed to `compute_cossim_from_img` which will do all the work. Its output (a pandas datafraem) will be used to do some stats and plots. Here are some additional information for some of the parameters used in `compute_cossim_from_img`.

### Network_name
You can use many `network_name`s (check `net_utils.py->GrabNet()` for a list). Each network has an associated image size (224 for all networks and 299 for InceptionNet), which will be used for resizing the images, and  normalizaion values, used for normalizing the samples. Since we are using networks pretrained on ImageNet, the ImageNet mean and standard deviation are used as normalization values (again, in `net_utils.py->GrabNet()`).

### Pretraining
Use either "ImageNet" or "vanilla".

### Image_folder
The folder containing the samples.

### Affine_transf_code
You may want to augment the samples by using an affine transformation augmentation, and you want to make sure that the same transformation is applied on both pairs of the samples on which the cosine similarity is gonna be computed. `t`, `s` and `r` indicate that you want to apply translation, scale and rotation. If you do not indicate anything, default values will be used. For example you can pass `ts` to apply translation and scaling but no rotation. You can be more specific with the parameters, for example `t[-0.2,0.2]r[0,45]` will translate and rotate by the specified amount (translation parameters are fraction of total image size, rotation in degree)

## Background
Related to the affine transformation, if you specify a background here, it will "fill in" for the area outside the transformed image. Otherwise it will be white.

## Save_Layers
Indicate what layer type you want to compute the cosine similarity on. In practice we check whether the layer name contains any of the string indicated here. For example, you can use "MaxP", "ReLU", etc., to save these layers.

## Rep
Each sample will be computed `rep` times, each time with a different affine transformation.

## Base_Name
When collecting the samples from the `image_folder` folder, the function `compute_cossim_from_img` will then compare the samples with the level equal to `base_name` to all the other levels. For example, in the NAP/MP example above, if the `base_name="base"` the function will compare `base/square.png` with `NAP/square.png`, and then `base/square.png` with `MP/square.png`, then `base/triangle.png` with `NP/triangle.png` and so on.

-----
`compute_cossim_from_img` will return a pandas dataframe, and a list of all layers which activation has been used for computing the cosine similarity.
This function will save a pickle object in the `config.result_folder`, and also a `debug_img` folder that shows some of the pairs used for computing cosine similarity. Really useful to check that it all makes sense, expecially with respect to the affine transformations.

`run_cossim.py` also does some simple analysis that should mostly work as an example to show you how to get some data out of the pandas dataframe.
Enjoy!

Commit message:

Completely reorganize folders and add multiple READMEs

README.md, after:

# Mind Set Example Repo
This Repo can be used for those tasks requiring the cosine similarity or the decoder approach. This should cover the majority of the examples in the mind set repo.


**_For more information about each approach, go to the README of the relevant folder: [cosine similarity approach](https://github.com/ValerioB88/mind-set-example/tree/master/src/utils/cosine_similarity) or [decoder approach](https://github.com/ValerioB88/mind-set-example/tree/master/src/ebbinghaus/decoder)._**

## General Usage
**IMPORTANT: In all the examples, the working directory is ALWAYS `/MindSetExample`, meaning that you need to run the scripts from `/MindSetExample`. To account for the dependencies, run it as a module. E.g. `python3 -m src.cosine_similarity_method.run_cossim_img_vs_folder`.**



## Coding Quirks
I use mostly well known python functions and libraries, but there are two quirks that might confuse readers:
- my code is well integrated with the experiment tracking service [Neptune.ai](www.neptune.ai). If you have an account, set the `weblogger` option in `Config` equal to `True`, otherwise `False`. This will save sample images and log training/testing charts in the Neptune page
- I do not use command line arguments. Instead, most scripts contain a `Config` object (or `ConfigSimple`) that contains all the needed parameters for an experiment. Each experiment corresponds to a different Config object (instead of a different command line). For your own simulation you will use a different python file with its own `Config` object. You will find some examples for both the cosine (`cosine_similarity/run_cossim_img_vs_folder`) and the decoder method (`ebbinghaus_illusion/decoder/train.py`).


## To Do
Ideally the datasets in `./data` should only contain dataset needed to run the experiments. Right now it contains a lot of crap - I will fix that soon!
